mongoDB branching test (#15400)
newrelic/docs-website: src/install/mongodb/default-requirements.mdx

---
headingText: Check the compatibility and requirements
componentType: default
---

> - Our integration is compatible with MongoDB 4.0 or higher, Percona Server and MongoDB Atlas M10 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Our integration is compatible with MongoDB 4.0 or higher, Percona Server, and MongoDB Atlas M10 or higher.
```
Either add a comma, or explicitly say Percona Serve M10 or higher

> - To monitor MongoDB Atlas users still need a hosted environment to install the infrastructure agent and integration and remotely connect to the Atlas instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To monitor MongoDB Atlas, you'll need a hosted environment to install the infrastructure agent and integration and remotely connect to the Atlas instance.
```
